Hello and welcome to their course on Tablo.
I'm so glad to see you inside.
We're going to have fun along the way and I promise you that you learn a ton.
And in this short tutorial what I wanted to do is give you a quick overview of what Tablo is and what
it is for.
And then we will go through the section of the course and I will show you what to expect in each section
so you can navigate your way through the course much easier.
So let's get straight into it.
Tablo is a very simple yet powerful tool for everything to do with data.
The company's mission is to help people see and understand data.
And as you can see here Tablo is a completely drag and drop software and using Tablo you can create
visuals sometimes 10 times faster than you would have created them in other programs and overall travel
is a new and innovative approach to business intelligence in terms of structure.
The course has a spiral structure and what that means is that with every new section you move up a level
in the spiral learning new skills and techniques while still repeating and cementing in the older ones
that you picked up earlier.
And so let's have a look and see what we have here in the first section that's the one we're in right
now.
You will install Tablo and then a radio lecture 3 you will see how you can create a powerful visual.
And moreover you will create it in under five minutes and it's the same visual would've taken hours
to create using other tools.
Then in section 2 we will talk about the basics of tablets so I'll show you how to connect to different
data sources.
We will navigate Tablo we will learn how to create Calcott fields so it's an important topic.
And I specifically included early on in the course so that we can play around of calculated fields along
the way as we learn new techniques.
We'll talk about collar's formatting and exporting your results.
So all the basics will be covered off in this first section and after that you can already started applying
Tablo.
So applying the basic level of tabel in your work if you required to do so then in section 3 we will
go into a bit more depth.
We will start talking about time series which is an important part of working with Tablo so visualizing
trends and how things change over time.
We will talk about filters but most importantly in this section we will talk about aggregation aggregation
and granularity.
So is this lecture here and there you will see how tablet operates and what concepts are behind the
tool was happening in the background when you're dragging and dropping things into the charts.
It's important lecture because it's important to understand how the tool works to take full advantage
of it going forward.
Next in Section 4 you will already create your first dashboard.
That is how quickly will get tougher as dashboards.
So we will create maps.
A map will create a scatterplot and then we will combine them into a powerful dashboard depicting sales
of a certain store.
And also we will add interaction interactivity dashboard so will add an action which to filter and highlighting
and you'll also see the difference between filtering and highlighting.
Then in section 5 we will kind of take a step to the side and we will talk about joining and blending
so I will give you a full introduction into what joining is so left or right.
Inner outer joins what happens when Joines move duplicate values and what happens when you joining in
multiple fields.
So I do understand that perhaps you are not coming from an obscure background you might not know everything
about Joines.
So that's why we covered off in the first three lectures.
And then we will talk about data blending and Tablo.
And finally a lot of people are after this topic.
What is the difference between joining and blending data and when to use what we will definitely cover
that off.
So you are a pro in knowing when to use a joint and when to use a blend.
Also in this section we will cover of a dual axis charge which is important and will have an advanced
topic here creating Colcord fields in a blend so I've included it here.
You don't have to do it.
If you feel that you are not ready or you don't really need this information but whenever you do see
that you need this specific skill and trouble you can always come back to the course and watch this
lecture again.
Then after that we move on to the big guns.
We're talking here about creating and a customer segmentation dashboard.
We're introducing lots of new skills like table calculations creating bins using parameters set in geographic
geographical roles at the same time we're creating lots and lots of new charts and then we're putting
them all to a segmentation dashboard which will be very powerful.
Then we will analyze this dashboard and you will see how businesses can take advantage of this and serve
the customers better by looking at data and then we will create a storyline.
So storyline's a new feature that was introduced in Tablo 8.2.
And here you will learn how to take full advantage of it and present to audience in the best possible
way.
And finally at the end of the course we'll talk about advanced daughter preparation's this is kind of
a bonus section that I've thrown into the scores because daughter preparation is important.
A lot of new features were introduced that allow you to simplify the process of data cleaning and preparation
for urinalysis.
So definitely an advance section or Moreover important section because this is something that has to
be done every single time but it will get you going through your analysis much faster.
And then in Section 8 we'll be looking and Klosters custom territories and design features.
So here we're going to have a brand new challenge.
It's going to be an exciting challenge where we're going to be helping a start up with some of their
expansion analytics in the section we're going to cover quite a lot of interesting topics such as custom
territories we'll learn how to do clustering analytics and Tablo and even a cross database join.
We'll learn two ways to perform custom territories by groups and by geographic Crawl's and then we'll
talk more about these features and specifically will also devote a lot of time and attention to clustering
and tabel because that's an ultra powerful feature.
And also we'll talk about other features such as highlighter and then some new design features and some
mobile features.
And all in all in this section we're going to have a very fun and exciting business challenge for this
startup.
And then finally it will wrap up the course of Section 9.
This section will be presented by Zhanna.
Who is the tablet structure here at superdense size and he'll be presenting the new and exciting features
available within Tablo 2018.
I will hand over to John Pierre to walk you through this section now.
Thank you for the introduction curial.
I am super excited to be presenting this part of the section and cannot wait to get started.
We will be looking at two business challenges within this specific section.
Now fisty will start off by looking at what happens when the only available data we have is from a PDA.
We will be connecting to the PDAF and extracting the data right from inside Tablo.
Yes who knew it was possible right from they will be looking at using special falls which will be required
when the Tablo built in state of geographical rolls are not sufficient for this specific business challenge.
Talking about the challenge we will then dive right into solving it and we will be looking at the safest
box with in New York City using real life data after the business challenge we will be looking at.
One of the excellent features and one of my favorite features with the tablet the is in tooltip.
This is a new way to build and interact with your visualization to progressively reveal additional details
about your data really really handy.
We'll finish this section off by looking at useful improvements that tableau has made in the last couple
of versions.
Firstly by looking at the upgrades on how to blow Stow's data and what the benefits are of that.
We've been looking at downgrading the workbook's when you are working in an environment where different
visions of Tablo is being implemented.
And last year we'll be looking at some improvements to the way stories are being used in temblor.
I am super excited cannot wait for the section and I will see you then.